Add Beta XCUITest Sim support (#2358)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest.md

```

:::caution Required Minimum Versions

> XCUITest for Simulators is in <span className="sauceGreen">Beta</span> and requires `saucectl` version `0.1xx.0` or later. If you are using an earlier version, you must upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCUITest for Simulators is in <span className="sauceGreen">Beta</span> and requires `saucectl` version `0.1xx.0` or later. If your current version is older, you must upgrade to the most recent one.
```
